---
tags:
  - "#dailynote"
---
## Daily note
[[Routine]] [[Routine Project]] It seems I need to prepare a dry mix with soda and salt. 

[[StoryTelling]] I need to write a story about Jesus in an IT metaphor. Perhaps it could be an excellent example for developing my [[New Skillset]].

Imagine you were born into a family where your mother told you that your father is not the man she married, but the Google Search Engine.  It will have a profound impact on your entire life. You will get all the information regarding it because you have realized that the situation is quite different from that of other families and somewhat unusual. 

[[Serhii 121]] Subjects:
- JE situation. No Comments.
- Denis - call on Thursday - should we invite other people. Comment: Add Tatiana. Done.
- Tully - is not working and sending me mails. No comment
- What with CRM and Yulia. Comment: Meeting already scheduled. 
- Sasha S. situation. Comment: There will be a replacement of Sasha, but till they tell him, we will work as usual.

[[Routine]] [[Routine Project]] Temporary topic - [[New Routine Preparation]]. It seems to me that I prepare too long my routine but it is only SECOND day from the beginning of creation and practice it. It seems to me I need to be patient. And give it Week or two. But it's completely fine if I would track the time in this way.

## Notes Created Today
```dataview  
List FROM ""  
WHERE file.cday = date(today) 
SORT file.ctime asc
```

## Notes Updated Today

```dataview  
List  
FROM ""  
WHERE file.mday = date(today) SORT file.mtime asc
```