---
tags:
  - "#dailynote"
---
## COD morning routine

- [ ] Todoist inbox
- [ ] Personal mail
- [ ] All income from the phone
- [ ] Work mail
- [ ] Obsidian fleeting notes
## Daily note

[[My New Mindset]] [[Communication]] [[Stage Academy of Vinh Giang]] If it’s not a question, it doesn’t need to end with a question intonation.

[[My New Mindset]] Break Up with girl - Consider it like another communicative problem 

[[Stage Academy of Vinh Giang]] I need to find substitute for each gesture I do not Like!!!!!!!!!!! 
[[My New Mindset]] Is it a threat, is it unsafe right now? If i feel tense - actually helps me to relax. A lot)) And also it's great question to yourself 
How to check grammar from Obsidian in Chat GPT?
[[My New Mindset]] Write all the statements than only set them right tags
Insert page.
OMG I became so aware now I couldn't realize it)))
OMG my father have fallen a victim his own unawareness twice - first time when he had lost his teeth due to disease of gums, and second time when he almost loosed his sight due to kataracta. Both of the times, as he had explained to me - he just didn't notice the symptoms. Let's be aware. Будьмо уважні.
To be max aware I need to be in comfort
[[Ai]] Today I have installed chat gpt into obsidian - let's see how it will work
## COD evening routine

- [ ] Todoist inbox
- [ ] Personal mail
- [ ] All income from the phone
- [ ] Work mail
- [ ] Obsidian fleeting notes



## Notes Created Today
```dataview  
List FROM ""  
WHERE file.cday = date(today) 
SORT file.ctime asc
```

## Notes Updated Today

```dataview  
List  
FROM ""  
WHERE file.mday = date(today) SORT file.mtime asc
```