---
tags:
  - "#dailynote"
---
## Daily note
[[My New Mindset]] I want to start any task with playful and curious attitude to discover the tasks, make game from it and fun.
Also I want to develop habbit be aware before each conversation or new task.

-----

**Question for Ivan Zimbickij:**

Objectively, all processes of buying from Carpathian Steaks site for customers are an attention and time killer. 

Why it is attention killer?
Site is a mess with: 
- big uninformative banners that lead nowhere, 
- annoying and also useless popups about first-time order (even if you are a 2-year customer) 
- bunch of info pages. 

Why it is time killer?
 - It doesn't sturctured well, for example you can't select cutlets only, and if you try do it with the search - it will show you fake info about prices or availability of products.  Try cutlets or syrniky
 - it has no user cabinet and it prevents me to do basic functions any other shops allows:
	 - Make order without entering my information every time
	 - quickly edit and repeat order
	 - view my order history
	 - view more target adds related to my purchase history.

Also there are no decent notification for managers when customer make order. Managers ask me write them in Telegram)) As a cosequece - not working checkbox - send in 16 hours. It worked for me 1 time from 3. 

All these issues kill customers' time with just a basic task - ordering food.
And it prevents Karpathian Steaks from collecting more profit. 
- I believe that showing popup with related foods but not with first-time order for old customers - will increase conversion, 
- having ability order fast same things again - will also increase conversion
- even showing every time customer sales that he could get with VIP club - will motivate him more that thousands words of the managers.

So the question is -  why this strategy of delivery more like Oshchad Bank but not Monobank? 


## Notes Created Today
```dataview  
List FROM ""  
WHERE file.cday = date(today) 
SORT file.ctime asc
```

## Notes Updated Today

```dataview  
List  
FROM ""  
WHERE file.mday = date(today) SORT file.mtime asc
```