---
tags:
  - "#dailynote"
---
## Daily note

---

# MORNING RESET

## 1. Emotional State Check

Dominant emotion (one word): Calmness

Intensity (1-10): 6

If intensity > 6
This emotion is here because I did meditation before, and it's a result))

---

## 2. Structured Gratitude

1. Body / Physical
I am grateful for my strong and good looking body

2. Work / Skill Growth
I am grateful for my manageble workload and that I have opportunity to grow.

3. Environment
I am grateful for my financial status, I don't need to worry about - how much cost sport equipment, I just go and buy it.

4. Relationship / Interaction
I am grateful for interaction with my father.

5. Self-Respect Evidence
I handled well template for my Obsidian daily page

---

## 3. Identity Direction

Today I act as someone who is make actions and live in the body more that in the head.

---

## 4. COD - Collect

[ ] Todoist inbox processed  
[ ] Personal mail checked  
[ ] Phone inputs cleared  
[ ] Work mail reviewed  
[ ] Zero mental open loops  

If something is still looping in my mind:
- 
- 

---

# EVENING CLOSE

## 1. Energy Audit

What created energy today?
- Workout and stretching and food.
- 

What drained energy today?
- Doomscolling telegram
- 

---

## 2. Cognitive Upgrade

Distortion noticed: I constantly scan my future and present for danger. 

Balanced alternative thought: To be prepared - good.

---

## 3. Identity Reinforcement

Today I showed up as someone who

because

---

### Design Tomorrow

Today’s 3 Non-Negotiables

- [ ] Body: Clean teeth with soda and charcoal 
- [ ] Work / Skill: Complete EDA
- [ ] System / Life: Buy crtyptowallet
---

## COD Close

[ ] Inbox zero  
[ ] Tomorrow’s 3 non-negotiables written  
[ ] Calendar reviewed  
[ ] First task for morning is clear  
[ ] Environment reset  

If I wake up tired, my first action will be:






## Notes Created Today
```dataview  
List FROM ""  
WHERE file.cday = date(today) 
SORT file.ctime asc
```

## Notes Updated Today

```dataview  
List  
FROM ""  
WHERE file.mday = date(today) SORT file.mtime asc
```